Project governance content (#13)
windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit-wiki: Join-the-Toolkit-Organization.md

# Join-the-Toolkit-Organization

> WCT team is always encouraging new talent and hard work to lead by example and inspire the community to expand. In Windows Community Toolkit each member is highly inspired towards bringing change and lead by example and making a difference in the community whether building UWP apps for Windows 10 and enhancing the toolkit to help sustain their projects or helping the communtiy innovate. All the creativity, contribution, and input are valued. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows Community Toolkit (WCT) team is always encouraging new talent and hard work to lead by example and inspire the community to expand. In the WCT each member is highly encouraged toward bringing change and to lead by example. Making a difference in the community can be as simple as evangelizing UWP apps for Windows 10 and the WCT, enhancing the toolkit itself to help sustain their projects & others, or helping innovating on new ideas. All the creativity, contribution, and input are valued.
```

> Your membership is assessed solely based on your continous and active participation. Therfore, you can join the Windows Community Toolkit [Members list](https://github.com/orgs/windows-toolkit/teams/toolkitteam/members) by displaying enthusiasm and commitment towards the project by performing various tasks. Once our team sees you participating and contributing continuously whether it's submitting the PR or providing any insihgt to resolve an open issue will automatically enable you for candidacy as a member of the Toolkit team. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your membership is assessed solely based on your continuous and active participation. Therefore, you can join the Windows Community Toolkit [Members list](https://github.com/orgs/windows-toolkit/teams/toolkitteam/members) by displaying enthusiasm and commitment towards the project by performing various tasks. Once our team sees you participating and contributing continuously whether it's submitting the PR or providing any insight to resolve an open issue will automatically enable you for candidacy as a member of the Toolkit team. Active participation across the repository and/or contributing significant features throughout one or more releases weigh heavily in these decisions.
```
